Created CFP extend post (#1329)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/australia/2020/news/cfp-extend.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: August 27, 2020
   :tags: australia-2020, cfp, tickets

Call for Proposals Extended
===========================

Greetings fellow documentarians!

The conference is now just under four months away, and we hope you’re already planning for this year's remote installment of Write the Docs Australia and India conference.

New deadline to submit your proposal is 14th Sept
--------------------------------------------------

The `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2020/cfp/>`_ is now extended until **14th Sept 2020 at Midnight AEST** – We added two extra weeks

> to the deadline because there are enough things to worry about this year, and we didn't want CFP dates to stress you unnecessarily!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the deadline because there are enough things to worry about this year, and we wanted to give as many of you the opportunity to prepare your submissions.
```

> Make sure to get your talk in before the new deadline; we're already have lots of great proposals coming in, but we wanted to give everyone a chance to submit their ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to get your talk in before the new deadline; we already have a lot of great proposals coming in, but we wanted to give everyone a chance to submit their ideas.
```
